Update info on sub flow run cancellation (#9753)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/flows.md

A task that represents a subflow will be annotated as such in its `state_details` via the presence of a `child_flow_run_id` field.  A subflow can be identified via the presence of a `parent_task_run_id` on `state_details`.

You can define multiple flows within the same file. Whether running locally or via a [deployment](/concepts/deployments/), you must indicate which flow is the entrypoint for a flow run.
    

> !!! warning "Cancelling sub flow runs"
>     Sub flow runs can only be cancelled by cancelling their parent flow run.  If you know you may need to cancel a sub flow run indpendent of its parent, we recommend using [run_deployment](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/api-ref/prefect/deployments/?h=run_deployment#prefect.deployments.run_deployment). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Cancelling subflow runs"
    Subflow runs can only be cancelled by cancelling their parent flow run.  If you know you may need to cancel a subflow run independent of its parent, we recommend using [run_deployment](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/api-ref/prefect/deployments/?h=run_deployment#prefect.deployments.run_deployment). 
```

>     A deployment is required for cancellation of a flow run. This means that subflow runs created without `run_deployment` cannot be cancelled without cancelling the parent flow run.  If you know you may need to cancel a subflow run independent of its parent, we recommend using [run_deployment](/api-ref/prefect/deployments/#prefect.deployments.run_deployment). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In line subflow runs, i.e. those created without `run_deployment`, cannot be cancelled without cancelling their parent flow run. If you may need to cancel a subflow run independent of its parent flow run, we recommend deploying it separately and starting it using the [run_deployment](/api-ref/prefect/deployments/#prefect.deployments.run_deployment) method.
```
